yes
ah
my children do not say they are when in
actually they are not only was not the ball anymore
although on the one hand that while we are in
reality without shade the chileros of the
that the lights went to correct
this mess music until today
we came to put him today I have to talk to me
of pegate more we know from
you will never get where you have
come the one that we do not eat the mass them
we leave the bones and still from u2 they are
coming chelito of those why that where
they do not call you do not mess around
I am the music and you are the roots
it seems that they do not know where it says respect
do not take me out there says to me for
do it my land is falling the
made with concrete so I understand you
citizen
but I'm waiting for you but I'm not like
you and another little step is not so deep
talk
rhona let's record again loose
now there is an aspiring artist who never
they will be written and more severe peron
and takers because the one so
ridiculous they want to live a movie
but suffering that are the best
devils in turin the slope and that is
prepared to listen to the garbage that
you speak dry port transmit the 18
knowing that from the yard and I am the
second pirate a filling rig of
sit with me needing influences
to listen to me if that support and
experience of people see that no but
it is not arrogance when you have
ignorance and attacks are provoked and
the visions of using oil but I do
however I do not use it but it is very
nice in the entity that already counts
dreaming about that to namibia account and I 'll
sleep peacefully that my project the
first ever more great crosses between
yes they can do and undo with
playing and when they want to detune
because they wanted to use me and I rebelled
I warmed up because you do not love me
the big suite is the believes that they can
make and break with who you have to
be day as it takes me home and I
I rebelled I got married full of who's going to
support in whatever you want always
that is not with me as the rolo dance
If the town hall and the tour do not
supported one to one goals by
the pool
yes no manga
no no no milk thousands of the storm and
the other time a null pod of little steps
and today they do not talk to me about playground fame
and that was the first step that I said
when I stop winning everything but
again that mine is not
arrogance when they leave their ignorance is
childbirth that another sentence shows the
record fuck I refuted the end
is producing
Maña el Monte
huila or if you hit it located
trying that while